The gromacs-2018.3, regressiontests-2018.3, and documentation
subdirectories contain, respectively, the source code of the official
GROMACS 2018.3 release, the matching regression tests suite, and
the matching documentation generated from the source.

The gromacs-2019-beta1 and regressiontests-2019-beta1 subdirectories
contain, respectively, the source code of the first beta of the
GROMACS 2019 release and the matching regression tests suite. The
official release of GROMACS 2019 is expected on January 1, 2019.

Further information, licensing information, and details for the
install process can be found in the gromacs-2018.3 subdirectory, in
respectively the README, COPYING and INSTALL files.

The documentation is identical to that found at
http://manual.gromacs.org/documentation/2018.3/ and best viewed with a
web browser, beginning at documentation/index.html.

The regressiontests suite is intended to be used for automatically
testing a build of GROMACS. Detailed instructions are found in the
GROMACS install guide.

The pmx subdirectory contains the pmx package of topology setup and
analysis scripts useful for free-energy calculations with GROMACS.  It
was obtained from commit fd2bf3a of
https://github.com/deGrootLab/pmxhttps://github.com/dseeliger/pmx and
forms the basis of the web service
http://pmx.mpibpc.mpg.de/webserver.html. It functions as a standalone
python package (with several readily available dependencies, including
GROMACS) for the convenience of users with larger-scale needs than can
be satisifed by the web service. Its README.md and LICENSE files have
further information.
